profile/README.md, before:

![VzBot prototype printhead](/profile/banner.jpg)

## 📖 Documentation

Find [manuals](https://docs.vzbot.org/manuals/) for building printer kits and [guides](https://docs.vzbot.org/general/misc-info/) on using your printer on our [VzBot Docs](https://docs.vzbot.org/).

Additional documentation on community and user mods can be found on the [User Mods](https://github.com/VzBoT3D/VzBoT-UserMods) repository.

## 🫂 Participating in the community

Our goal is to be an inclusive community for all. Our general [code of conduct](../code-of-conduct.md) covers what's generally acceptable behaviour, and what's not. Local specifics may apply in certain corners of the community!

Check out the awesome [User Mods](https://github.com/VzBoT3D/VzBoT-UserMods#mods) our community has come up with! Could your mod soon also be listed here?

## 📞 Get in touch

Discord is home to lots of our team members. Your query has a higher chance of being answered on Discord.

Contact the VzBot team through one of our social media channels:

<sub>![discord](/profile/discord-24.png)</sub> [discord.gg/vzbot](https://discord.gg/vzbot)  
<sub>![twitter](/profile/twitter-24.png)</sub> [@vez_3d](https://twitter.com/vez_3d)  
<sub>![youtube](/profile/youtube-24.png)</sub> [@Vez3D](https://www.youtube.com/@Vez3D)

Commit message:

Add mods link, add logo to banner (#2)
* Fix image links

* Add logo to image, add community mod reference

* Discord mods category link

profile/README.md, after:

![VzBot prototype printhead](/profile/banner.jpg)

## 📖 Documentation

Find [manuals](https://docs.vzbot.org/manuals/) for building printer kits and [guides](https://docs.vzbot.org/general/misc-info/) on using your printer on our [VzBot Docs](https://docs.vzbot.org/).

Additional documentation on community and user mods can be found on the [User Mods](https://github.com/VzBoT3D/VzBoT-UserMods) repository.

## 🫂 Participating in the community

Our goal is to be an inclusive community for all. Our general [code of conduct](/code-of-conduct.md) covers what's generally acceptable behaviour, and what's not. Local specifics may apply in certain corners of the community!

Check out the awesome [User Mods](https://github.com/VzBoT3D/VzBoT-UserMods#mods) our community has come up with! Could your mod soon also be listed here?

More community mods can also be found in the [Mods](https://discordapp.com/channels/829828765512106054/1019188485174865920) section on Discord.

## 📞 Get in touch

Discord is home to lots of our team members. Your query has a higher chance of being answered on Discord.

Contact the VzBot team through one of our social media channels:

<sub>![discord](/profile/discord-24.png)</sub> [discord.gg/vzbot](https://discord.gg/vzbot)  
<sub>![twitter](/profile/twitter-24.png)</sub> [@vez_3d](https://twitter.com/vez_3d)  
<sub>![youtube](/profile/youtube-24.png)</sub> [@Vez3D](https://www.youtube.com/@Vez3D)

[![Discord Invite](https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/829828765512106054/widget.png?style=banner2)](https://discord.gg/KWZWvCMxCq)
